Optimize large images and fix a few alt tags (#144)
statelyai/docs: docs/export-as-code.mdx

## Export code using the header export icon

![Image showing the Stately Studio with the export code modal open.](/export_from_top_bar.jpg)

1. Open the export **Code** modal using the <Upload size={18} /> export icon in the header.
2. Use the JSON, JavaScript, or TypeScript button to copy the code in your preferred format to your clipboard.
3. Paste into your code editor.

## Export code from the machine menu

> ![Image showing the Stately Studio with the export code item highlighted in the machine list.](/export_from_machine_list.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Stately Studio with the export code item highlighted in the machine list’s context menu.](/export_from_machine_list.jpg)
```
